			 Functional requirements		   
------------------------------------------------
FR  1:	User must be able to register for the application through a valid phone number. 
		On installing the application, user must be prompted to register their phone number. 
FR  2:  User must be able to view his/ hers profile details.
FR  3:  User must be able to edit his/ hers profile details.
FR  4:	User must be able to delete his/hers account. or Admin must be able to delete an account.
FR  5:	User must be able to view others' profile details.
FR  6:  User must be able to change his/hers relation with another user.
FR  7:	User must be able to view all his/hers friends.
FR  8:  User must be able to view all user's who has been blocked.
FR  9:	User must be able to view all his/hers sent messages, which hasn't already been deleted.
FR 10:  User must be able to view all his/hers sent messages, which hasn't already been deleted, and has been delivered.
FR 11:  User must be able to view all his/hers sent messages, which hasn't already been deleted, and has been delivered and has been seen by another user or users.
FR 12:  User must be able to view all his/hers non answered calls.
FR 13:  User must be able to view all his/hers answered calls.
FR 14:	The Application must able detect all contacts from the user’s phone book. If any of the contacts have user accounts with the Application, 
        those contacts must automatically be added to the user’s contact list on the Application. If any of the contacts have not yet registered, 
        user is provided with an invite option that sends those contacts a regular text message asking them to join the Application along with a 
	    link to the Google Play Store or respective store depending on the Operating system the device is running.
FR 15:	User must be able to receive notifications when receives a message which has sent.
FR 16:  User must be able to receive notifications when receives a non answered call which has sent .
FR 17:	User must be able to receive notifications when a sent message has been delivered.
FR 18:  User must be able to receive notifications when a sent message has been seen by the receiver/receivers.
FR 19:  User must be able to upload a media object. 
FR 20:  User must be able to view all media which two user's have shared between each other
FR 21:  User must be able to delete a media object.
FR 22:  User must be able to create a private chat.
FR 23:  User must be able to delete a private chat.
FR 24:  User must be able to set a private chat as favorite.
FR 25:  User must be able to create a group chat.
FR 26:	User must be able to leave a group chat.
FR 27:  User must be able to set a group chat as favorite.
FR 28:  User must be able to add a user to a group chat.
FR 29:  User must be able to edit details of group chat.
FR 30:	User must be able to call any contact on his/her contact list. 
FR 31:	User must be able to call any group. 
FR 32:  User must be able to send instant messages to any contact on his/her contact list. 
FR 33:  User must be able to send instant messages to any group.
FR 34:  User must be able to delete a message
	



FR 1:  The Application must be able to be connected to Internet automatically even though the Application isn’t opened by the user. 
FR 2:  The Application must be able to stay connected to internet at every point of time if the network resources are available on the device. 
FR 12: User must be able to create groups of contacts. 
FR 13: User must be able to broadcast messages to groups.
	(Limitations: The recipient should have the sender in his contacts to receive the broadcast.)
FR 14: The Application should be able to distinguish between the network resources like Wi-Fi and Mobile Data in order to perform media 
	respective download operation with respect to said so network resource.